proofread: how_to_setup_object_storage.md (#1707)
juicedata/juicefs: docs/en/reference/how_to_setup_object_storage.md

## Other options

> When executing the command `format` or `mount`, you can set some special parameters in the option `--bucket` using the form of URL parameters, such as `https://myjuicefs.s3.us-east-2.amazonaws.com?tls-insecure-skip-verify=true`, which is used to skip certificate verification for https requests.

Author: 看了下[源代码](https://github.com/juicedata/juicefs/blob/main/cmd/format.go#L188-L203)，这里好像不需要加/

第一句改成 
```suggestion
Some query string parameters are available for bucket URLs, which can be appended to the option `--bucket` of the commands `format` and `mount`. For example, to skip certificate verification for https requests, you can append `tls-insecure-skip-verify` parameter to a bucket URL like `https://myjuicefs.s3.us-east-2.amazonaws.com?tls-insecure-skip-verify=true`
```
会不会更好些？

> When executing the command `format` or `mount`, you can set some special parameters in the option `--bucket` using the form of URL parameters, such as `https://myjuicefs.s3.us-east-2.amazonaws.com?tls-insecure-skip-verify=true`, which is used to skip certificate verification for https requests.

Reviewer: 1. 确实，源代码这么写是可以在 `/` 丢失的情况下拿到 query string 的，但没有 `/` 的 URL 也确实是格式错误的，有可能在其他情况下无法被正确识别。这里应该就是个 typo
2. 改一下更好，我没问题 ✌🏻

## Access Key and Secret Key

In general, object storages are authenticated by `Access Key ID` and `Access Key Secret`, which correspond to the options `--access-key` and `--secret-key` (or AK, SK for short) on the JuiceFS file system.

> In addition to explicitly specifying the options `--access-key` and `--secret-key` when creating a filesystem, it is more secure to pass key information via the `ACCESS_KEY` and `SECRET_KEY` environment variables, e.g.

Author: ```suggestion
In addition to explicitly specifying the options `--access-key` and `--secret-key` in the command line, it is more secure to pass credentials via environment variables `ACCESS_KEY` and `SECRET_KEY` when creating a filesystem, e.g.,
```

## Internal and Public Endpoint

> Typically, object storage services provide a unified URL for access, but the cloud platform will provide both internal and public communication lines. For example, the platform cloud services that meet the criteria will automatically resolve through the internal line to access the object storage, which not only has lower latency but also has an internal communication for free.

Reviewer 2: the bandwidth is free

> Typically, object storage services provide a unified URL for access, but the cloud platform will provide both internal and public communication lines. For example, the platform cloud services that meet the criteria will automatically resolve through the internal line to access the object storage, which not only has lower latency but also has an internal communication for free.

Author: ```suggestion
Typically, object storage services provide a unified URL for access, while the cloud platform usually provides both internal and public endpoints. For example, the platform cloud services that meet the criteria will automatically resolve requests to the internal endpoint of the object storage, which offers you lower latency and free internal network traffic.
```
稍稍把最后一句改了一下，不知道有没有更通顺一些？

## Supported Object Storage {#supported-object-storage}

> If you wish to use a storage class that is not listed, feel free to submit a requirement [issue](https://github.com/juicedata/juicefs/issues).

Reviewer 2: storage class -> kind of object storage

```

:::note
For users in Tokyo (ap-northeast-1) region, please refer to [this document](https://wasabi-support.zendesk.com/hc/en-us/articles/360039372392-How-do-I-access-the-Wasabi-Tokyo-ap-northeast-1-storage-region-) to learn how to get appropriate endpoint URI.***
:::

## Storj DCS

Please refer to [this document](https://docs.storj.io/api-reference/s3-compatible-gateway) to learn how to create access key and secret key.

> Storj DCS is an S3-compatible storage, useing `s3` for option `--storage`. The setting format of the option `--bucket` is `https://gateway.<region>.storjshare.io/<bucket>`, and please replace `<region>` with the corresponding region code you need. There are currently three avaliable regions: `us1`, `ap1` and `eu1`. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Storj DCS is an S3-compatible storage, using `s3` for option `--storage`. The setting format of the option `--bucket` is `https://gateway.<region>.storjshare.io/<bucket>`, and please replace `<region>` with the corresponding region code you need. There are currently three available regions: `us1`, `ap1` and `eu1`. For example:
```

## Alibaba Cloud OSS

> Please follow [this document](https://www.alibabacloud.com/help/doc-detail/125558.htm) to learn how to get access key and secret key. If you already created [RAM role](https://www.alibabacloud.com/help/doc-detail/110376.htm) and assigned it to VM instance, you could omit the options `--access-key` and `--secret-key`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please follow [this document](https://www.alibabacloud.com/help/doc-detail/125558.htm) to learn how to get access key and secret key. If you have already created [RAM role](https://www.alibabacloud.com/help/doc-detail/110376.htm) and assigned it to a VM instance, you could omit the options `--access-key` and `--secret-key`.
```
